never was a story that this of Juliet
and her Romeo
what maybe that will swear the site I
never saw true beauty till this night I
know this man's of humans of you he's
Romeo only son of a great enemy in honor
of my blood a strike him dead I would
not let any harm us at him in my house
Julius if your heart like mine is full
until the joy the waiters this knife can
tell of what is living this speak
yourself I should be Capulet
these violent passions can have violent
ends he's right we offer with a house
malta game let their name is spoken in
this house you online no more so help me
God I'm settle with me boy what have I
done I murdered my tomorrow at once
exile him hence there is no world beyond
the city's walls just purgatory heavenly
city where Juliet lives every unworthy
thing may look on her but Romeo may not
the power the mega contradict has
thwarted or hot plant fortune fortune
send him back to me take this file and
drink for the last drop and there will
be no sign of life with you
give me my Romeo and when he shall die
cut him out in little stars he will make
the face of heaven so fine all the world
will be in love at night